Notebook update (#16251)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/notebooks/_index.md

Notebooks combine graphs and text in a linear, cell-based format. They help you explore and share stories with your data by creating postmortems, investigations, runbooks, documentation, and more.

## Getting started
1. Build a [new notebook][1], from the main navigation **Notebooks > New Notebook**.

2. Click the **Save Notebook** button. </br>
  **Note**: A new notebook is not saved by default.

3. Add new cells to your notebook with [supported graph and text content](#types-of-content). 

4. [Configure cells](#cell-configuration).

## Collaboration

{{< img src="notebooks/collaboration.png" alt="Indicators of users viewing the notebook and making live edits" style="width:100%;">}}

> Notebooks support real-time collaboration. Presence indicators show who is viewing your notebook at any time and show real-time edits and comments. 

Author: Thanks for correcting here, I removed comments from this to be accurate!

Changes made to a notebook appear automatically, without the need to refresh.

> Everyone on your team can open or edit any notebook, but a notebook can only be deleted by the creator or by an administrator.

Author: Thanks for clarifying, I changed the wording to your suggestion!

### Commenting

To add a comment, select some text or hover over a graph. The **Add comment** icon is displayed to the right of the cell.

Click the menu on the top-right of your comment to edit or delete a comment you wrote.

View or re-open resolved comments in the Comment History, available in the Notebook cog menu.

Notebook authors receive email notifications for new comments on their notebooks, and commenters are notified for replies to their comments. Manage your notification settings through `Notifications` in the notebook cog menu.

### Read mode

{{< img src="notebooks/read_mode.png" alt="Read mode drop down menu" style="width:100%;">}}

> From the Notebook List, click on the eye icon to open a notebook in View Mode. This allows you to explore the information without edits. You can switch between modes from within the Notebook by selecting the dropdown at the top right of your notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch between modes from within the Notebook by selecting the dropdown at the top right of your notebook.
```
[Ignorable suggestion] This information about opening a notebook in View Mode from the list page is repeated in the `Notebook List` section. I'm not sure it adds much value in this section since it has no picture of the button, so it's unclear to an unfamiliar reader what we are referencing. 

Also this is a relatively unpopular feature. I don't believe it warrants being mentioned twice in the docs and I think it fits better in the `Notebook List` section since it has a screenshot of the button there

## Share notebooks

Click on the cog icon in the upper right of a notebook to see sharing options. Notebooks can be exported to PDF, Markdown, or any document editor.

To copy a notebook into a document editor, click **Copy formatted contents**. Paste into a document editor like Google Docs or Microsoft Word to see notebook contents, including graphs, with original formatting.

{{< img src="notebooks/export-to-gdocs.jpeg" alt="Example exported Notebook in Google Docs" style="width:100%;">}}

### Import or export notebook JSON

Use **Export Notebook JSON** to download a JSON file containing the definition of your notebook. **Import Notebook JSON** overwrites all content on the notebook with the content of the uploaded JSON.

### Link to individual cells

Copy the URL for a specific cell by clicking the chain-link icon on the right side of the cell. Direct linking is available for both visualization and Markdown cells.

When a user visits the URL for a specific cell, the notebook is opened to show the cell at the top of the viewport. Links are absolute. A cell's URL remains the same even if it is moved to a new position within the notebook.

## Notebook List

> {{< img src="notebooks/overview.png" alt="notebook list previewing the cell types" style="width:100%;">}}

Author: Ah, thanks for catching that!

The [Notebook List][2] allows you to view and search previously created notebooks. Each notebook's name, creator, and last modified date are displayed. Notebooks are grouped by:

> * **My Notebooks**: Notebooks created by you.
> * **Other Notebooks**: Notebooks created by other members of your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Your Notebooks**: Notebooks created by you.
* **All Notebooks**: All Notebooks in your organization.
```
There is no `Other Notebooks` option

### Cell configuration

To add cells, use the **+** button that appears to the left of the cell, or select an option from the **Add New Cell** section at the bottom of the notebook. Use the action tray that appears above the cell on hover to share, clone, or delete cells. Graph cells can be exported to a dashboard, or downloaded as a PNG or a CSV of graph data. Changes made in edit mode are saved automatically when you click **Done**. To discard your changes, click **Cancel** instead of **Done**.

#### Edit options
Click on **More options** in the inline editor of a widget to edit widget options. Add details like event overlays, markers, and y-axis controls. 

#### Layout options

In a Notebook cell, click **Edit** to view the cell configuration in edit mode. You can also see the available layout options, which vary based on the cell content type, but include the following:

* **Graph size**: Choose between `XS`, `S`, `M` (default), `L`, and `XL`.
* **Graph legend**: Uncheck the box to hide the legend. Legends are automatically disabled for `XS` and `S` graphs.
* **Grouping**: Display one graph per tag value to see small multiples of your visualization.

> {{< img src="notebooks/edit_cell_action_menu.png" alt="layout options for graph size, legend, and grouping configuration" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="notebooks/edit_cell_action_menu.png" alt="The graph settings option of a notebook cell in edit mode displaying layout options for graph size, legend, and grouping configuration" style="width:100%;">}}
```

**Note**: Changing any of these settings only affects the targeted cell.

#### Types of content
Notebooks support visualizations and text cells. Text cells are formatted with [Markdown][5], which enables the use of headings, subheadings, links, images, lists, and code blocks. Notebooks also support diagrams formatted with [MermaidJS][15].

> Graphs in notebooks support all Datadog data sources: metrics, log events, Indexed Spans, live processes, network traffic, RUM events, profiling metrics, security signals, and more.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this sentence is expected to be on a new line, but currently it's being rendered as a single unbroken paragraph with the content on line 153:
https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/esther/docs-4485-Notebook-update/notebooks/#types-of-content

**Note**: Clicking and dragging to zoom in on a graph does not unlock the cell from the global time. It changes the notebook's global time instead.

> To save this time as the notebook's default, click **Set Default Time**. The reset button discards your changes to time.

Reviewer: +1 I agree a picture could really help here: 
<img width="1242" alt="Screen Shot 2022-12-22 at 3 07 21 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19436830/209217520-63d8a2e5-6074-48e7-8db3-62f3b659deab.png">

You need to change the global time range to see the `Set Default Time` to appear. 

I also think the wording around the `reset button` could be more clear. As-is it's making me think the reset will discard my saved changes to the default time, when in reality the reset button resets your current global time back to the saved default global time (it does not change the default that is saved)

Individual cells can be unlinked from the global time and set to an independent time frame.

> {{< img src="notebooks/cell_time.png" alt="Cell Time Selector" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="notebooks/cell_time.png" alt="Cell Time Selector with the cell unlinked from global time" style="width:100%;">}}
```

To view a different time frame on a single cell, edit the cell and use the toggle to unlink it from Global Time. Change the time frame using the time picker or by scrubbing on the graph. Changes made in edit mode are saved automatically when you click **Done**. To discard your changes, click **Cancel** instead of **Done**.

### Notebook types

{{< img src="notebooks/add_notebook_type.png" alt="Add Type button highlighted in a Notebook" style="width:100%;">}}

> Notebooks can be grouped into types, this gives you quick access to relevant information. Notebooks built from other products like Incident Management or Monitors may automatically assign a type. Hover over the notebook title to display the option to add or edit the type. Click **+ Add Type** or to edit the type, click on the pencil icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notebooks can be grouped into types, this gives you quick access to relevant information. Notebooks built from other products like Incident Management or Monitors may automatically assign a type. Hover over the notebook title to display the option to add or edit the type. Click **+ Add Type**, or to edit the type, click the pencil icon that appears next to it on hover.
```

### Graph snapshots

> Notebooks can be set to automatically snapshot graphs that might expire. Enable this by clicking **Turn on snapshots** in the cog menu of any notebook. Use the cog menu to view snapshots or turn off automatic snapshots. Turn off automatic snapshots to remove access to existing snapshots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notebooks can be set to automatically take snapshots of graphs that might expire. Enable this by clicking **Turn on snapshots** in the cog menu of any notebook. Use the cog menu to view snapshots or turn off automatic snapshots. Turn off automatic snapshots to remove access to existing snapshots.
```

{{< img src="notebooks/cog_snapshots.png" alt="Cog menu option to turn on snapshots" style="width:100%;">}}

 Notebooks with snapshots enabled automatically capture a static image of any graphs with a fixed time range (for example, `Aug 18, 12:00 am – Aug 19, 11:59 pm`). These snapshots update when the graph is updated, as long as the new graph also has a fixed time range. Changing the graph to a global time range (like `Past 1 Hour`) removes the snapshot.

 You can preview the existing snapshot on any fixed-time graph by hovering over the camera icon while in edit mode.

To share a version of your notebook with snapshots, from the cog menu, click **View snapshots**. Copy the URL, or append `&view=snapshots` to the URL of any notebook that has snapshots enabled.

### Template variables

Notebooks support template variables. Dynamically scope visualizations by adding and selecting template variable values. For more information, see [Template Variables][4].

### Cell configuration

> To add cells, use the **+** button that appears to the left of the cell. Use the action tray that appears above the cell on hover to share, clone, or delete cells. Graph cells can be exported to a dashboard, or downloaded as a PNG or a CSV of graph data. Changes made in edit mode are saved automatically when you click **Done**. To discard your changes, click **Cancel** instead of **Done**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add cells, use the **+** button that appears to the left of the cell, or select an option from the **Add New Cell** section at the bottom of the notebook. Use the action tray that appears above the cell on hover to share, clone, or delete cells. Graph cells can be exported to a dashboard, or downloaded as a PNG or a CSV of graph data. Changes made in edit mode are saved automatically when you click **Done**. To discard your changes, click **Cancel** instead of **Done**.
```

#### Edit options
Click on **More options** in the inline editor of a widget to edit widget options. Add details like event overlays, markers, and y-axis controls. 

#### Layout options

> In a Notebook cell, click **Edit** to view the cell configuration in edit mode. You can also see the available layout options which vary based on the cell content type but include the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a Notebook cell, click **Edit** to view the cell configuration in edit mode. You can also see the available layout options, which vary based on the cell content type, but include the following:
```

* **Graph size**: Choose between `XS`, `S`, `M` (default), `L`, and `XL`.
* **Graph legend**: Uncheck the box to hide the legend. Legends are automatically disabled for `XS` and `S` graphs.
* **Grouping**: Display one graph per tag value to see small multiples of your visualization.

{{< img src="notebooks/edit_cell_action_menu.png" alt="layout options for graph size, legend, and grouping configuration" style="width:100%;">}}

**Note**: Changing any of these settings only affects the targeted cell.

#### Types of content
Notebooks support visualizations and text cells. Text cells are formatted with [Markdown][5], which enables the use of headings, subheadings, links, images, lists, and code blocks.

> Graphs in notebooks support all Datadog data sources: metrics, log events, Indexed Spans, live processes, network traffic, RUM events, profiling metrics, and security signals.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this list is meant to be exhaustive, but it might be worthwhile to mention regular events

Author: I don't know if this is available, I couldn't see it on my Sandbox account, but I'll look into it. Thanks!

Graphs are created with the Datadog query editor. Notebooks support:

* [Timeseries][6]
* [Top List][7]
* [Table][8]
* [Heatmap][9]
* [Distribution][10]
* [List][11]
* [Query value][12]

> * [Funnel][13]

Reviewer: We recently also added `Pie` as an option too
